today i'm going to explain a drama
thriller film called girl in the
basement spoilers ahead watch out and
take care
in the middle of the night sarah and her
father dawn rush marie to the hospital
marie sits at the back of the car as she
struggles to breathe while sarah holds
her all of a sudden murray stops
breathing and sarah immediately demands
her father to drive faster once they
reach the hospital don carries murray
and tells sarah not to say a word to
anyone before finally going inside the
doctors and nurses take marie away while
sarah and don are left in the corner to
wait
20 years ago during a family dinner
sarah cody tells her father that she's
going to be late for a party this takes
donna back since he didn't know that
sarah had plans to go to a party so he
asked his wife irene about this irene
says she was going to tell him but
didn't get around to it sarah assures
him that it's no big deal since it's
only a party but her father disagrees
asserting the big deal is her attitude
he grabs sarah's hand and forces her to
sit while she turns to her mother
claiming that she already allowed her
weeks ago however irene could only
apologetically tell sarah to listen to
her father sarah's sister amy offers to
take her to the party but dawn tells her
to stay out of it he forbids his
daughter from going to the party before
demanding her to stay in her room as
soon as everyone is asleep sarah sneaks
out of the house and meets her boyfriend
chris who's waiting for her outside the
two leave on chris's motorcycle while
back at home irene knocks on sarah's
door asking her daughter to talk to her
as irene continues to knock don gets mad
and starts banging on the door demanding
her to open it irene tries to reason
that sarah probably just wants some time
alone but he ignores her and unlocks the
door anyway inside they find sarah's bed
empty and the window open disappointed
don says sarah is a problem before
leaving the room at the outdoor party
sarah and chris are having a good time
dancing meanwhile don is fuming at home
looking out the window now and then to
check if sarah's back chris then takes
sarah away from the crowd to a quieter
spot as they sit on the grass chris
sings his girlfriend a song before
finally telling her that he loves her to
which she responds that she loves him
too
sarah goes home the following morning
and as dawn waits for her by the porch
he sees sarah kissing chris before
saying goodbye to each other he then
watches his daughter walk to the house
but not toward the front door don calls
her attention telling her to come in the
front door like a normal person adding
that she can't make up her own rules
ignoring her father sarah tries to walk
past him but don blocks her path saying
that they're not done yet don asks her
if chris is her boyfriend but sarah
currently tells him that it's none of
his business when dawn asks her if
they've given her permission to date
motorcycle boys sarah gets pissed and
promises her father that she'll be out
of their house once she turns 18 and
then that they won't see her again
feeling disrespected don gently pins
sarah against the door reminding her
that when she's in his house she has to
follow his rules sarah tells her father
to get off her and just in time her
mother comes down from the stairs to ask
them what's going on sarah breaks free
from her father's grasp and as she goes
upstairs and past her mother she tells
irene that her father is crazy while in
bed amy talks to sarah about her
sneaking out and hopes that it was worth
it sarah says it was adding that chris
said he loved her they giggle like
little girls and amy reminds her that
she'll be out of their house in no time
she just needs to keep her head down and
be cool in a hush voice sarah says
somebody needs to stand up to dawn she
calls him crazy and complains that her
mother is just letting him walk all over
her despite what sarah just said amy
warns her not to mess with him then
sarah's mother enters her room to let
her know that she's grounded for a week
annoyed sarah swears again that she's
leaving as soon as she turns 18.
meanwhile her father stands outside her
door listening to their conversation
when asked if she has a plan sarah says
she intends to travel the world and
start in florida getting jobs that will
help her work her way across the country
her mother supports her but she also
reminds sarah not to be reckless unhappy
with what he just heard don goes down to
the basement and sits down to think
then he walks up to the bookshelf and
starts pushing it revealing a door to a
secret room
three months later after sarah has
graduated she talks to chris on the
phone about her plans when irvin asks
her where her father is she says he's
out front her mother says that it's good
for him and that she's worried that he's
been spending too much time in the
basement lately irene then leaves and
when he's sure his wife is gone don
tells sarah to hang up the phone and
help him with something sarah apologizes
to chris and hangs up before assisting
her father with carrying a big box down
the basement down there don pushes the
bookshelf aside and sarah is surprised
to see the secret room she asks him what
that room is for and don explains that
the previous owner has built the bomb
shelter and he later added some
improvements after bringing the box
inside the bomb shelter don asks his
daughter what she thinks of it she says
it's not nice since there are no windows
and dawn only tells her that's too bad
before locking her inside
sarah bangs the door and yells pleading
with her father to let her out but don
ignores her and leaves scared sarah
takes a look around the room which only
has a sink in the shower head sarah
opens the box they carried and finds her
clothes and other belongings inside once
again she tries calling for help while
her father pushes the bookshelf back to
its place hiding the secret door after
failing to guess the door security code
three times the lights go out and
sarah's left to use the flashlight
inside her box
she tries looking for anything that
might be useful to her and she ends up
spotting the vent
sarah goes near it screaming for her
mother but don is already on the other
side of the vent he covers it to make
sure that no one will hear her
finally satisfied don goes back upstairs
as darkness falls irene gets worried
since sarah isn't home yet amy says that
sarah is probably just at her friend's
house but irene is still worried and
says she'll call the cops don then tells
her that sarah will probably be home the
following morning but his wife is
determined to call the police as she
leaves the room irene instructs amy to
contact chris while don sits there
pretending not to know anything days
pass and sarah remains in the bomb
shelter with nothing else to do she
either paces around the room or tries
unlocking the door's code until the
lights go out on the fourth day her
father finally decides to visit her so
sarah hides behind a pillar as soon as
he gets inside she pushes him out of the
way and gets out of the door only to be
trapped outside the second door she
screams for her mother but her father
tells her that no matter how loud she
screams no one will hear her don then
grabs sarah by the hair and drags her
back inside the bomb shelter
she's adamant that he can't do this to
her adding that there's no air so she
can't breathe don explains that as long
as there's power there's air three
failed attempts on the keypad will shut
the power off including the ventilation
system when he reveals that he changes
the code every day sarah steps back away
from him asking why he's doing this to
her don only tells her that this is the
consequence of her being disrespectful
and that everything she gets she will
earn he asks her if she understands him
and when sarah doesn't answer he slaps
her and pins her to the door before
forcing himself on her outside the door
don watches his daughter slowly get up
from the floor only to throw up with
that he takes his leave
irene talks to a cop and tells him that
it's unlike her daughter just to run off
the cop says that since sarah is already
18 she can come and go as she pleases he
then asks sarah's parents if she might
just be staying at a friend's house and
irene tearfully replies that she doesn't
have many friends the officer asks if
she's got a boyfriend and amy tells him
that chris hasn't seen sarah either
wanting to know who chris is the officer
asks for his number and amy leaves the
room to get it after a few more
questions don tells the officer that
sarah's bag and some of her clothes are
missing he also asks irvine if she
mentioned sarah's plan to the officer so
irene tells the officer about her
daughter's plan to travel starting from
florida sobbing irene insists that sarah
wouldn't leave without saying goodbye to
her and that she hasn't even had her
birthday yet the officer then informs
them that they've already filed a
missing persons report but since they
have no leads that's all he can do at
that point in the bomb shelter sarah
gets more frustrated as days pass
demoralized sarah could only think of
her boyfriend and their plan to go to
florida
one day while dawn is mowing the lawn
chris shows up at their house looking
for sarah saying the cops called him and
that he has something for her don makes
up a story about sarah running off with
a guy named steve he explains that sarah
and steve are childhood friends and that
she's always talked about running off
with him as soon as she graduates don
says that according to his wife the two
are in florida and sarah is working as a
waitress upset chris prepares to leave
and as he does don pretends to
sympathize with him on her 21st day in
captivity don brings sarah a foldable
chair and a small cake for her 18th
birthday he gives sarah a red dress and
asks her to put it on once she's done
don tells her to pick something she
wants and when she says she wants to get
out he tells her that it's too early for
that when she asks for television he
says she needs to earn that so sarah
asks for a clock instead and he agrees
he then tells sarah to come near him and
when she calls him dad he instructs her
to call him don
sarah walks toward her father and later
on she gets a clock
on the 38th day she receives some canned
goods and this gives her the idea of
making a weapon out of the small tin can
when her father arrives sarah is already
in her red dress and with a makeshift
weapon in her hand behind her back she
tries attacking her father but dawn is
too quick and he disarms her with ease
he throws sarah against the wall and as
she hits the floor don brutally steps on
her arm
the sick and twisted man forces himself
on sarah once more under the guise of
teaching her a lesson a year has gone by
and don gets sarah pregnant as she
cleans one day her water suddenly breaks
and with the help of the pregnancy book
she has sarah gives birth to her first
child alone she calls her child marie
and when dawn learns that sarah has
already given birth he tells her that
motherhood will provide her with a sense
of purpose marie stays with sarah in the
basement and in her fourth year in
captivity sarah gets pregnant again
worry about having another baby sarah
tries to ask don if he can finally let
them out but he only gets furious with
her pissed don leaves and joins irene
and amy upstairs for dinner amy
congratulates her father for his recent
promotion and when irene asks if they
could hire a private investigator since
don is getting a raise he tells her no
don says irene has already spent five
thousand dollars by going to florida to
find sarah and they're not going to
waste any more money irene says she'll
never stop searching for her daughter
not caring how much it costs them this
upsets don saying they have another
daughter as he points to amy that night
dawn brings sarah and maria television
as a christmas present
in her seventh year in captivity when
sarah has already given birth to their
second child sarah asks adam to bring
some medicine for marie however don
gives the kind that is for adults
upsetting her she tells dawn that
they're the wrong kind and that they
could poison her daughter unbothered
dawn tells her that she and amy got sick
all the time but their mother managed to
handle it he adds that since she's the
mother now she needs to take care of it
sarah insists that marie needs a doctor
but don ignores her and leaves to put
marie to sleep sarah tells her a story
and sings her the song chris has made
for her
one day chris visits sarah's house
hoping to hear anything from her he sees
amy who's staying in her parents house
for the weekend and asks if there's any
news about sarah when she replies that
they still haven't heard from her chris
mentioned steve which confuses amy chris
tells her that her father has told him
about steve and sarah which only
confuses her even more wondering when
the two men have talked to each other
pregnant for the third time sarah tells
marie to refrain from singing marie
tells her that she wants to go outside
with dawn and when sarah tells her she
can she rudely talks back to her making
sarah put her on timeout meanwhile chris
learns from amy that dawn was lying
about steve and sarah realizing that
it's just a made-up story when he asks
amy what she thinks really happened to
sarah she says that she imagines her
sister happily living somewhere but amy
admits that sometimes she thinks her
father has done something to her amy
mentions that one time her father hit
her mother and irene was in the hospital
for two days
after learning about don's lie irene
confronts her husband asking him why he
lied to chris he arrogantly tells her
that it doesn't make any difference if
he lies to some low life like him who's
been sneaking around with sarah unable
to control herself amy asks him if he
did something to sarah but don says that
all he's ever done is to provide for
them irene is fed up at this point and
she tells her husband that she will hire
a private investigator and that she
doesn't care what he'll say irene storms
off and when don follows her amy notices
the keys he left on the sofa she takes
them and goes down to the basement where
just in the bomb shelter behind the
bookshelf her sister is going into labor
as amy searches the basement don shows
up and asks for his keys back before
angrily sending her away for the third
time sarah gives birth and when dawn
arrives and asks for the child's name
she says they're calling him thomas
sarah gives donna massage and as she
does she suggests that he should take
thomas upstairs since there isn't enough
room for the three of them down there
she try sweet-talking her father
convincing him that if thomas stays with
him up there she'll have more time to
take care of dawn realizing that sarah
is okay don leaves thomas on their porch
with a note from sarah saying that she
hopes she'll take care of her son thomas
as irene lifts the baby she doesn't
notice that there's a smaller note in
the bassinet she calls don who pretends
to be clueless and tells him that the
baby is sarah's as irene takes thomas
inside don finds the note and reads it
he goes to the basement and tells sarah
that he's found her message that's
supposed to inform her mother that she's
being held captive in the basement don
throws the small piece of paper on her
face and orders her to wear her red
dress saying she still hasn't learned
anything
after 14 years in the basement sarah is
pregnant once more
one day marie decides to wear makeup and
when sarah sees the way dawn is looking
at her daughter she tells him to stay
away from her just to get back at her
don turns off the power as he leaves
with no ventilation system marie
struggles to breathe so they have to
stay near the vent feeling sad marie
tells sarah that she doesn't have any
friends and she's worried that she might
not meet anyone not even a nice boy
sarah assures marie that she willing
that she's working on it out of the blue
marie asks sarah how she met her dad
sarah then confesses to marie that she's
known marie's father almost her whole
life and marie tells her to get a
divorce once they get out of the
basement
in her 17th year in captivity sarah gets
pregnant once again in their house irene
tells thomas how much she misses sarah
thomas wants to know what sarah is like
and irene tells him that his mother is
magnificent in the bomb shelter sarah
takes advantage of the leaking water
caused by the rain and tries to dig
through the ceiling using a spoon she's
able to dig a hole deep enough to reach
a sewer she then flashes a light through
it and a man passing by season
unfortunately the man informs don about
the light telling him that somebody is
sending a signal to someone angry don
goes to the basement and beats sarah
with marie and her youngest son michael
watching when dawn leaves sarah bleeds
and goes into labor
sadly the baby dies leaving dawn to take
the body and bury it
on the 18th year marie and michael get
impatient and tell dawn that they want
to get out don however says that it
depends on their mother if she learns to
behave herself once dawn is gone marie
and michael take their frustration on
their mother blaming her for why they're
still trapped there sarah tries to
reason that she's just trying to protect
them but the two continue screaming
still demanding to go outside by then
sarah loses it and she starts breaking
their things while her children watch
the woman breaks down and lies on the
floor left with nothing but memories of
better days with chris and the life
robbed from her by her own father the
kids feel guilty so michael and marie
clean up her mess then apologize to her
mumbling to herself sarah mentions amy
and when the kids ask who amy is she
admits that she hasn't been completely
honest with them she starts telling them
her story saying she used to live
upstairs with her sister amy
sarah says she had a mom and a dad but
she didn't get along with her father she
continues her story explaining how dawn
tricked her into getting in the basement
before locking her in there as marie and
michael understand who dawn really is
marie starts to have an asthma attack
while marie is having an episode michael
asks sarah what's wrong with them and
she firmly asserts that nothing's wrong
with them that it's always been don
who's at fault
year 19 comes and don comes to the
basement with little supplies for sarah
and her kids sarah protests about how
they are already rationing their
supplies but don only insults her making
michael angry he yells at don demanding
him not to talk to his mother that way
but don taunts his son and mocks him
about how there's nothing he can do
without thinking he attacks don but the
boy barely even hurt him when sarah is
finally able to control him don turns
off the power and leaves
life goes on for the coatis don gets
fired from work so he and irene are
beginning to argue frequently about
money sarah tries her best to make her
children happy in the cramped basement
that's all they've ever known while
trying to find a way for them to get
help
one night don attaches a tube from her
car's exhaust to the vent leading to the
basement he closes the garage door and
starts his car making all the smoke go
directly to the basement as dawn sits in
his car thomas shows up and he is forced
to turn the engine off he then goes to
the basement to check if sarah and her
kids are okay and he's relieved to see
that they are
during their 20th year of captivity
sarah's daughter gets a severe asthma
attack and can barely even breathe when
dawn finally arrives sarah begs him to
take them to the hospital don refuses at
first but sarah is finally able to
persuade him they leave michael in the
basement and in the hospital the doctor
tells sarah and don that marie is in
critical condition while the doctor
talks to don about marie's medical
history sarah stays quiet just staring
at the clock the whole time while dawn
is looking away sarah spills water on
marie's medical paper forcing don to
leave and get another one sarah seizes
the opportunity to ask for help from the
doctor finally leading to don's arrest
when murray wakes up sarah tells her
that they're finally free back at home
the police are able to rescue michael
from the basement the three siblings are
finally reunited and as sarah amy and
irene watch them from the porch chris
suddenly shows up sarah and chris catch
up and as they talk chris apologizes to
her for believing don's story and not
looking for her
sarah however tells him that she's never
stopped thinking about him for 20 years
chris gave sarah a new helmet which he
was supposed to give to her the day he
talked to don
after 20 long years the two of them
finally go for a ride once more
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching